[Music]
maybe I was wrong and you were right but
I don't really want to have this fight I
just want to feel like I
[Applause]
belong and every time my heart sings
back to you you are my morning and my
truth and all that I can do is sing this
song It Ain't That
long and nothing says I love you like
you're right from my lips with carbon
dioxide I just want to feel like I
deserve you CU you deserve me baby it's
the way that you can see what I'm
missing what I can never be I just want
to feel like I deserve you cuz you
deserve me maybe you were wrong and I
was right I don't care what you stay
another night I just need some time to
be myself
[Music]
I couldn't say I need you on that night
when you left and I lost all track of
time I just want you close so I can feel
you can you feel
me and nothing says I love you like the
words that were never said but could be
her if only there was peace around us
baby you would hear me maybe it's the
way that lovers do I just want for me
what I want for you only with the sun
above us
maybe you would see
[Music]
me and even if you leave I may be fine
cuz my heart it has its own design and
even if you never see it baby you're all
that I need maybe it's the silence in
your eyes maybe it's the Lilac when
you're shy maybe it's the mystery of
Your Love All I need is a sign from the
stars above maybe it's the way that
you're breathing me maybe it's the mind
that you see in me maybe it's the
fragrance of your hair yeah I just want
to kiss you when you're there I just
want you all around me baby can we make
that happen please